= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and configures CakePHP according to the instructions at http://book.cakephp.org/view/308/Installing-CakePHP.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

Tested on Ubuntu 9.04.

== Cookbooks:

Opscode cookbooks, http://github.com/opscode/cookbooks/tree/master:

* mysql
* php
* apache2
* opensssl

== Libraries:

The openssl library is required from the openssl cookbook to generate secure passwords.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* cakephp[:version] - Set the version to download, (e.g. "1.3.4").
* cakephp[:dir] - Set the location to place cakephp files. Default is /var/www.
* cakephp[:db][:database] - CakePHP will use this MySQL database to store its data.
* cakephp[:db][:user] - CakePHP will connect to MySQL using this user.
* cakephp[:db][:password] - Password for the CakePHP MySQL user. The default is a randomly generated string.

The random generation is handled with the secure_password method in the openssl cookbook which is a cryptographically secure random generator and not predictable like the random method in the ruby standard library.

= USAGE:

Add the "cakephp" recipe to your node's run list or role, or include the recipe in another cookbook.

Chef will install and configure mysql, php, and apache2 according to the instructions at http://book.cakephp.org/view/308/Installing-CakePHP.

The mysql::server recipe needs to come first, and contain an execute resource to install mysql privileges from the grants.sql template in this cookbook.

== Note about MySQL:

This cookbook will decouple the mysql::server and be smart about detecting whether to use a local database or find a database server in the environment in a later version.

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Jason Ardell (<ardell@gmail.com>)

Copyright:: 2010, Jason Ardell

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
